good evening its Lynn the wall shelf and
tonight we're putting together Korean
barbecue we're gonna be making some
galbi and I'm gonna show you exactly how
we're gonna marinate this beef and then
we'll show you how to cook it off and I
guarantee it this is one of the best
recipes Korean barbecue which you'll
find in the Korean restaurant or you can
make it yourself I don't show you how to
do it
the marination process just need to get
some Korean barbecue sauce want to give
it a good shake and we're gonna put in
quite a cup it's got kind of sesame
seeds and soy sauce but enough right
there all the flavors that you want from
Korea I'm going to put in two
tablespoons of chopped garlic and about
two tablespoons of soy sauce get that
right in there like that and what will
do is will this take stir this around a
little bit
thoroughly mix the ingredients like such
something like that we're going to pick
our galbi which is just like is a short
rib of beef and we're gonna marinate it
all right the next step here is we're
gonna take our galbi I'm going to put it
right into our marinade we've got quite
a few guests coming over so this is sort
of a hearty dinner party
and put four packs in here should be
marinated overnight purposes of today
it's kind of short notice this is
probably only gonna marinate for about
five hours so we're gonna put that in
there and I'll take this make sure that
the meat is thoroughly coated with our
marinade boss I've got it about there
and looks something like that so I'll
put this in the refrigerator when we get
ready to cook this stuff you'll see how
I have marinated my galbi or my Korean
barbeque all right so now we've come out
to the grill you do this on an indoor
grill we've got our galbi we're just
gonna line that up right up on the grill
and we're gonna grill this galbi off
line these pieces up here I kind of
batch this up
we'll be good folks
serve this up with a nice little lettuce
salad can't go wrong
all right so we've got all of our galbi
up there on the on the grill if you to
bet smellorama I'll tell you what you'd
be going out of your mind right now this
stuff is given up ah looking good so
we're gonna wait for a minute here we'll
flip this over see how the stuff looks
coming across here
oh I see about another minute we're
gonna flip all this over this side here
looks like it is a pot done then you
flip all this over here
this side over here
without
there
flipped over about right there
so all right well we're got the galbi
all finished up here this is my daughter
Lisa she's going to come in for the
taste test we're celebrating my
grandsons entry into college so we're
having a little family get-together and
Lisa's gonna tell me what you think's
about this galbi bears will let salad
why sure all right CJ was a paid sponsor
actually a family member and she likes
it likes it a lot thanks for watching
spin the ball Shep
and as always buon appetito